I think that as we accept the medical
utility of cannabis we are going to
start to dig more deeply into the
cannabinoids the key constituents of the
marijuana plant that are providing this
benefit from a pharmaceutical company
perspective I think there's going to be
an interest in trying to isolate those
compounds or trying to work within the
endogenous cannabinoids system that that
system of cannabinoids which is
functioning in all of us all the time
without any external influence trying to
target that with medications that can up
regulate the level of cannabinoids in
our bodies that can eliminate the
breakdown of cannabinoids so perhaps
getting a cannabinoid effect without
really taking in a cannabinoid but by
enhancing our own endogenous levels so I
think that's one area of pharmaceutical
industry is going to be taking I think
another area is trying to improve the
overall quality and the regulation of
horrible cannabis because there are
patients who realize that this is an
effective way for them I think if we can
do larger studies of safety and we can
be really reassured that if over long
term this is a safe medication if
quality issues can be resolved so that
we know exactly where it comes from we
know the Quan Book the THC and
cannabinoid levels of the plant we can
be reassured that the levels of other
agencies is it's non-toxic and we can be
reassured that the quality of the plant
product is safe then it's going to be a
question of supply it's going to be a
question of monitoring it's going to be
a question of regulating the process so
that physicians are comfortable
participating in this right now as I
understand it in Canada and from what I
understand in the US it's very much a
program of physicians authorizing
patients to possess the drug it's not a
prescription drug marijuana the
cannabinoids are and there are several
prescription cannabinoid not many
physicians even realize the easy
so there's all the work to do even there
but to take the drug from being an
authorized non-approved substance to a
prescription medication requires
clinical trials research and so on and I
suppose I don't I don't know how
realistic it is but I think my vision
would be that somebody will come along
and invest in that process especially if
as I see happening at this moment in
April 2010 considerable numbers of
dispensaries opening up there's
considerable money going through these
processes there must be considerable
profits being generated that should be
funneled back into research and
education so that the whole field moves
forward and upwards rather than you know
grab the money and run i we've all come
to this through a process of grew slow
realization and research and I think we
owe it to keep funneling that
so if herbal cannabis is to ever become
a prescription medication someone's
gonna have to step up and invest in the
kind of research necessary to do that